fix: pods dont have label istio.io/rev (#12385)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/upgrade/canary/index.md

$ kubectl label namespace test-ns istio-injection- istio.io/rev=canary
{{< /text >}}

After the namespace updates, you need to restart the pods to trigger re-injection.
One way to restart all pods in namespace `test-ns` is using:

{{< text bash >}}
$ kubectl rollout restart deployment -n test-ns
{{< /text >}}

When the pods are re-injected, they will be configured to point to the `istiod-canary` control plane. You can verify this by using `istioctl proxy-status`.

{{< text bash >}}

> $ istioctl proxy-status | grep "\.test-ns "

Reviewer: It seems the output, istiod-canary-...,  was removed.

In the next paragraph we mention looking at the output and there is none shown in this document.

Author: Yes.
The output will show all pods in user's namespace, and is not determinate.
So i omit the output.

{{< /text >}}

> The output show the pods is using `istiod-canary` revision of the control plane.

Reviewer: Not knowing the output, but assuming it's only a pod:
```suggestion
The output shows the pod is using the `istiod-canary` revision of the control plane.
```

Author: Can we change to:

The ouput will show all the pods under the namespace that are using the canary revision.

Reviewer: That is fine.

Author: @ericvn i pushed the change. Anything else need to to change?
